[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> A former CIA director reveals
he believes extraterrestrials
could exist and shares
his incredible story.
This is "Gaia News."
Ambassador James Woolsey,
the former CIA director
under President Bill
Clinton, recently
appeared on "Inside the Black
Vault" with John Greenewald
to promote his new book,
"Operation Dragon,"
about the JFK assassination.
But when the conversation
turned to UFOs and secrecy,
he had this to say.
>> There has been over the
years now events of one kind
or another, usually involving
some kind of aircraft-like
airframe.
There was one case in
which a friend of mine
was able to have his
aircraft stop at 40,000 feet
or so and not continue
operating as a normal aircraft.
What was going on?
I don't know.
Does anybody know?
We'll have to look into it.
>> When asked to clarify,
Ambassador Woolsey continued.
>> I talked to someone whom I
respect who says that there was
some event in which an
aircraft was paused.
And basically, that's
all I know about that.
>> "The Black Vault's"
John Greenewald has studied
and revealed government secrets,
including UFOs, for 25 years.
This was his first interview
with the former director
of Central Intelligence.
He spoke to "Gaia News"
about his revealing interview
with Ambassador Woolsey.
>> So it's not every day for
me where I get to reach out
to former government
officials and those members
of the government,
either current or former,
to do an interview.
Ambassador Woolsey
was the first one
that I would say
is at that level.
I've done television
work for many years
and got to interview quite
a few different people.
But for my own show, this was
a once-in-a-lifetime very first
opportunity.
When he set up the fact that
there was disinformation
about UFOs, again, to
be honest, in my head,
as the one interviewing
him, I thought, OK, this
is where he's just going
to say it's all bunk.
The conspiracies are created
for disinformation purposes,
whatever purpose that
may be, and essentially
dismiss the entire topic.
So he prefaces his
answer with that,
but then segues into but I
have this friend of mine,
a pilot, who was flying at
40,000 feet, that essentially
had his plane pause in midair.
And he had his hand up in my
video frame and made the--
made the hand gesture that
this thing stopped in midair.
He threw me off.
I had no idea that was coming.
>> Recently, former intelligence
officers around the world have
hinted at or said outright that
we have more information about
extraterrestrials.
Haim Eshed, former head of
Israel's Defense Ministry,
said we are in contact with
the Galactic Federation.
Former CIA chief John
Brennan said, quote,
"it's a bit presumptuous
and arrogant for us
to believe that there's no
other form of life anywhere
in the entire universe."
And former director of National
Intelligence, John Ratcliffe,
said we have seen aircraft,
quote, "traveling at speeds
that exceed the sound barrier
without a sonic boom."
With that in mind, the
ambassador was asked--
>> So can I add your name to the
list of those that are speaking
out about this?
What are your overall
thoughts about whatever
that phenomena is?
And what are we dealing with?
>> The only list I'm comfortable
going on is one that would say
these people have reported very
curious behavior by aircraft.
And it may be
something real that
is an extraordinary change
for some unheralded reason.
I just don't know.
But I'm not as skeptical
as I was a few years ago,
to put it mildly.
I have been in conversations
with several individuals who
have been close to an
aircraft performing
in an extraordinary fashion.
That's about as far
as I'd like to go--
>> Sure.
>> --which is openness
to new things,
willingness to examine them,
hope that we can be friendly
in terms of dealing with our
fellow human beings or with
other creatures if they exist.
Some new possibilities
are frauds.
I don't think this one is.
But over history, there
have been a lot of frauds.
And we could have another one.
I don't think so.
>> Coming from a former head of
the CIA, that is saying a lot.
What was most significant?
>> So these pieces of
information that he has seen,
maybe more of these news
articles and news pieces that
are more of a serious tone, has
convinced a former DCI, hey,
this UFO UAP thing, it's not
something to be laughed at.
And so when ambassador
Woolsey then
had talked about being friendly
with either other humans
or, in his words, what he said
creatures, should they exist,
that was another
moment of the interview
that my jaw just went down.
I had to push it
back up a little bit,
simply because former DCI is
talking about the possibility
of alien life.
And as crazy as
that might sound,
he was very genuine
with what he was saying,
that we shouldn't just
start blowing things up
because we don't know
who or what these pilots
or whatever this phenomena
is, the root of it
all, that we just
start shooting at it,
that essentially he's saying he
hopes that we can be friendly.
>> Yet another former
intelligence official
commenting on the possible
existence of extraterrestrial
life.
Are we moving towards
full disclosure?
We could learn more
in the coming months,
as we're looking forward to
the government UAP report.
But in the meantime, in the
words of Ambassador Woolsey,
we must be open to new
things, have the willingness
to examine them, and hope that
we can be friendly to whatever
we may find in the universe.
For a new perspective,
this is "Gaia News."